Updates for Kim (#56)
mulesoft/docs-partner-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/setup.adoc

> == Environment Configuration

Reviewer: MOVED for readability of edits
```suggestion

```

Reviewer: HIDDEN (above heading)
Edited; please compare

@@ -1,51 +1,51 @@
= Prepare Anypoint Platform to Work with Partner Manager
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

To enable Anypoint Partner Manager to be used by different people in your organization, such as B2B integration developers, operations managers, and IT managers, you must ensure that your Anypoint Platform environment meets certain requirements.

== Meet Minimum Partner Manager Requirements

Verify that your Anypoint Platform environment meets the connector licensing and Anypoint Partner Manager entitlement and technical requirements.

=== Partner Manager-Related Entitlement Requirements

If you need any of the following required entitlements, contact your MuleSoft account representative:

Anypoint Platform user account with Anypoint Partner Manager entitlement
Appropriate roles for users to access Anypoint Partner Manager

=== Connector License Requirements

Your Anypoint Platform environment must include the following connector licenses:

Anypoint Connector for X12 (X12 Connector)
Optionally, Anypoint Connector for AS2 (AS2 Connector)

=== Partner Manager-Related Technical Requirements

Mule runtime engine 4.1.5 or later
If you are unsure about the Mule runtime capacity required to handle your B2B transactions, contact your MuleSoft account representative for assistance.
A storage solution for the B2B transmission payloads you send or receive
Options include a database, Amazon S3, Azure Blob Storage, and so on.
Anypoint Studio 7.3 or later

Reviewer: == Configure Anypoint Platform Requirements

Author: ?

> You'll need to set up and configure your environment before you begin using Partner Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you begin using Anypoint Partner Manager in Anypoint Platform, you'll need to set up and configure your environment with Partner Manager roles, associated Mule deployment instances, and a payload storage API.
```

Reviewer: REMEMBER: the texts that introduce each topic set must summarize the subtopics within, to prepare the audience for the content of the set. I am providing these now, but in future will comment only to have you do it.

Author: Okay, thanks.

> Refer to the Anypoint platform documentation to learn more about https://docs.mulesoft.com/access-management/environments[Configuring your Anypoint platform environments].

Reviewer: Suggest omitting, because this is a big topic and your audience needs only the items detailed next.
Should you keep it:
```suggestion
Refer to the Anypoint Platform documentation to learn more about https://docs.mulesoft.com/access-management/environments[configuring your Anypoint platform environments].
```

Author: ?

=== Allocate Partner Manager Roles

There is one Administrator role called the Partner Manager Administrator. Depending on which environment you select, the user is assigned that role within the context of that environment.

> Both roles have unrestricted access, but one role works in a Production environment and the other works in a Sandbox environment.

Reviewer: This text is confusing because it says there is just ONE admin role, but then goes on to say "both roles have...."
Clarify:

There is only one Anypoint Partner Manager role: Partner Manager Administrator. That administrator has unrestricted access in either of two environments: the production environment or the sandbox environment.

To allocate this role:

. Navigate to either the production or sandbox Access Manager.
. Click *Partner Manager* > *Partner Manager Administrator*.

Author: Fixed.

* Verify that you have access to Partner Manager.
This means that you must have the required entitlements and have been assigned the `Partner Manager Administrator` role in Access Manager for the environment.

> For example, *Partner Manager > Partner Manager Administrator*: Enables this role of Administrator for the environment.

Reviewer: REPLACED above; omit

Author: Fixed.

=== Associate Mule Runtimes for Deployment

> 

Reviewer: HIDDEN
Edited; please compare

To associate Mule runtime engine instances with Anypoint Partner Manager, follow these steps: 

. In Anypoint Runtime Manager, create a server group and name it *B2BServerGroup*.
You must use this exact name, which is case-sensitive. All B2B-processing Mule apps are deployed to this server group. 
. For each environment (production and sandbox), https://docs.mulesoft.com/mule-runtime/4.2/runtime-installation-task[download the runtime] and unzip it.
. Add the parameters in the following example file, `$MULE_HOME/conf/wrapper.conf`, adjusting the memory and heap size configuration numbers indicated for your environment:

Author: Next release.

> From that location you can locate the `wrapper.conf` user conf directory.

Reviewer: Omit, per above.
```suggestion

```

Author: ?

IMPORTANT: These are example values. If you are unsure about the Mule runtime capacity you need to handle your B2B transactions,

> please contact your MuleSoft account representative for assistance.

Reviewer: OMIT, per above, or move to follow the example.

Author: Next release.

[source,xml,linenums]

> ----

Reviewer: HIDDEN
Edited; please compare

. Increase the MetaSpace:
wrapper.java.additional.7=-XX:MetaspaceSize=1256m
wrapper.java.additional.8=-XX:MaxMetaspaceSize=2256m
. Increase JVM memory:
* Initial Java heap size (in MB)
wrapper.java.initmemory=4606
* Maximum Java heap size (in MB)
wrapper.java.maxmemory=4606
----

Author: ?

+

> . Add the server in Runtime Manager based on the https://docs.mulesoft.com/runtime-manager/servers-create#create-a-server[Create a Server]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add the server in Runtime Manager (https://docs.mulesoft.com/runtime-manager/servers-create#create-a-server[Create a Server]).
```

Author: Fxied.

> . Include the created servers into the server group you created earlier: *B2BServerGroup*. https://docs.mulesoft.com/runtime-manager/server-group-add[Add Servers to a Group]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Include the created servers into the server group you created earlier: *B2BServerGroup*. (https://docs.mulesoft.com/runtime-manager/server-group-add[Add Servers to a Group])
```

Author: Fixed.

> . Start the Mule runtime and verify it is active within Anypoint Runtime Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Start the Mule runtime engine and verify that it is active within Anypoint Runtime Manager.
```

Author: Fixed.

> 

Reviewer: HIDDEN
Edited; please compare

=== Set up the Payload Storage API
Anypoint Partner Manager enables you to connect your own storage solution (such as a database, Amazon S3, Azure Blob Storage, and so on) to store transmission content, such as incoming and outgoing B2B message payloads.

Author: Next release.

> You'll need to establish an API that provides Anypoint Partner Manager with a standardized way to connect to your unique storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To store this content, you must establish an API that provides Anypoint Partner Manager with a standardized way to connect to your unique storage.
```

> The follow the steps explain how to setup the Payload Storage API:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow these steps to set up the Payload Storage API:
```

. Download the *Partner Manager Content Storage API* and sample implementation template from Anypoint Exchange.

> Install this API on a Mule runtime that can access the storage solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Install this API on a Mule runtime engine that can access the storage solution.
```

Reviewer: Separate step

> . Make a note of the API address configurations, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Make a note of the API address configurations:
```

> * host, port, path connection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Host, port, and path connection
```

> * response timeouts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Response timeouts
```

> * authentication types: None, API Key, Basic, Client Credentials, OAuth Token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Authentication types: None, API Key, Basic, Client Credentials, and OAuth Token
```

* Certificate (`.PEM` format) and connection type

You'll need this information while associating Anypoint Partner Manager to your Payload Storage API. +

> NOTE: Your payload storage API must be accessible over the internet via HTTPS.

Reviewer: This sounds like it should be a task prerequisite, mentioned before Step 1.

Also...this text lowercases "payload storage API," whereas the previous text capitalizes it like a proper noun. Which is correct? Fix the rest.

Author: Itt's capped where the user will download it. I htink it's lowercase here.

Ensure that the appropriate authentication mechanisms have been implemented to make this happen.

> . Once the Payload Storage API is set up on the Mule runtime, open Anypoint Partner Manager, locate to your organizations profile (Host) page from the left navigation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Open Anypoint Partner Manager and locate your organization's profile (host) page from the left navigation.
```

 . Select the `Payload storage` section and configure the path to your storage.

> You are ready to begin to set up message flows between you and your trading partners.

Reviewer: Is this true? I can't tell where in the User Journey this file is, but the user has to do these things in this order???

Configure Host
Configure Partner
Configure Flow
Configure Anypoint Platform for PM

Is this the flow? Or does the order not matter? I can't remember if I have seen this specified anywhere, but it should be, right from the beginning.

Author: The user must configure the platform before doing the first three.
